Add migration module with DuckDB (#1205)
memgraph/documentation: pages/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/migrate.mdx

CREATE (u1)-[:FRIENDS_WITH]->(u2);
```

### `duckdb()`

> Wtih the `migrate.duckdb()` procedure, users can connect to the `DuckDB` database and query various data sources.
> List of data sources that are supported by DuckDB can be found [on DuckDB's official documentation page](https://duckdb.org/docs/stable/data/data_sources.html).
> The underlying implementation streams results from DuckDB to Memgraph using the **duckdb** Python Library. DuckDB is started with the in-memory mode, without any
> persistence and is used just to proxy to the underlying data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `migrate.duckdb()` procedure, users can connect to the ** DuckDB** database and query various data sources.
List of data sources that are supported by DuckDB can be found on their [official documentation page](https://duckdb.org/docs/stable/data/data_sources.html).
The underlying implementation streams results from DuckDB to Memgraph using the `duckdb` Python Library. DuckDB is started with the in-memory mode, without any
persistence and is used just to proxy to the underlying data sources.
```
